Welcome to hiding.
Objects in this video you will learn more about hiding objects in blender and you'll see how to hide
everything except the objects you want to work on.
So let's jump straight on over in a blender.
Okay so we're working on a scene that's getting increasingly more complex so we're going to have lots
of things going on and some things will be in front of the others noticeably the highs are within the
head of the bunny.
So we want to be able to separate part of our objects we certainly got the layers there already which
is absolutely fine we can separate major objects into various layers.
That's a good workflow to have.
However when you're starting to do with more detailed objects with it in just one object like this lovely
rabbits I hear I'm just going to say that that's a smooth shading though the much better.
We've got this eye here and we want to separate it out as a couple of ways of doing all of this in the
objects menu itself further down.
Here we have all the way up.
Actually there we get show and hide and there are three main options which are show hidden which is
alternate.
Hide selected which is H and hide unselected which is shift and H.
So let's run through those all together.
So if we wanted to work on the AIs themselves let's just come out of still locked locked camera view
I hope I haven't ruined my view I had before.
Whoops forgot to unstick that.
Okay so I'm going to just spin out of here and select our I.
I make sure the eyes are selected in the outline here and if I just hit the H key well and every other
key around it apparently if I just hit the h key.
Sorry I just realized I had something meant on the keyboard pressing down the tab key just there.
Okay so with the h key.
You hide the thing you selected and now we've removed the eyeball from the rabbits itself and if we
selected the cone we can hide that.
Now we can bring things back any time with oltz and H and that would just bring everything back to the
scene.
Now if I just wanted to work on this tone down here I could select that cone and go shift an H and everything
else in the scene gets hidden and we can see that over in the outline.
We have absolutely nothing else showing but the current Then we can bring it all back with old s.h.
to bring everything back.
That saves you going through this list and trying to turn everything off if we've got things parents
together remember to hold down.
Control when you're clicking to make sure everything in the hierarchy is hidden so it's very very quick
way of being able to just focus on one part of your model and then bring everything back really really
quickly.
Okay guys nice a short lecture.
I'd like you to show only the eyes so peronne the eyes of the rabbit match.
If you've not done that already I haven't so I will be doing that and hide everything but the rabbit's
eyes.
The video now and give that a go.
Okay guys.
Welcome back.
Let's hop straight over into blender and go ahead and hide everything.
But the eyes themselves.
So I'm going to rotate round select the eyes and then hold down Shift and H.
And there we go we've got two eye balls floating in the middle of space and out of course when we go
ahead in a few moments and go and edit these and make them look more like eyes we don't want them to
move from the bunny other.
You know if I picked them up and move them up then at unhide everything is going to look a bit silly
so we don't want to do that Swan just undo what I've just done checked for I haven't ruined it with
Oulton H Yeah still Verts shift in nature select shift.
H.
Going well.
My eyes are selected shift in H.
There we go.
So you do have to make sure you've got the thing selected.
So now we've got that there.
I'm just going to go over to the outline and literally drag eyes over the top of rabbits so that they
are linked together.
Obviously that doesn't stop me moving these but it does mean if I move the rabbit later on the eyes
aren't left behind.
How did you guys get on.
Hope you've now got your eyes on the screen so we can progress and make them look like proper eyes.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.